if some practices become incompatible with prevailing laws or with what that generation desire should be stopped and adopt new one
If don't know where we come from and we are destined to be lost and confused. As much as the west affects our current urban culture, we need to understand us and our elders.
we need to preserve it for future generations
Nationals without culture have no sense of direction.  Too much influence from otheres.
There are some great values and beautiful traditions that come from the history of our cultures that we should try not to lose.
for it not to die
as time goes on we need to involve other tribes in our traditions as there are now mixed tribe marriages as well
The people might loose their identity
tradition is important yes but some practices are harmful, demeaning and misogynistic
Maintaining values and culture is the wealth and cornerstone us as individual communities. Diversity is key
Yes, you need an identity
That is the only way that the new generation can know were they come from and how things were done. 
Culture is  fluid and thus must evolve. 
For the sake of my kids
i don't feel connected to traditional practices etc. 
We need to know where you going
If we don't preserve our culture now,  we will have nothing to pass on to the next generation 
We in afrika need to care for one another
No all the primitive methods used for accomplishing tasks in the olden days can easily or are suitable in the modern age.  With that said, we need to accept and be more welcoming to the new age and ways of doing things,  but we do not completely need to forget about our traditional practices per say,  but rather find new ways for presenting new ideas with the understanding of our core values and what inspired them back then and how to accommodate them in the current world when preaching to the new generation. 
with time things change phenomononly, so if the practice uneconomic, incompatible withh prevailing laws or not that generation want, it cannot be continued.
As the world is changing, the changes should be incorporated into the traditional practices 
Culture is resembl our past and wher we came from.
We might forget our cultures completely if we dont practice them 
Our culture is our heritage
This is what makes you unique 
Elements of our culture are still practiced today and these best practices have helped keep balance in a world where western culture has been adopted and has been heavily marketed and exposed to people. 
its important tp preserve heritage for future generations
Only parts of the old traditions that fit with the modern new age way of thinking should be preserved 
Tradition provides a framework for ethics so in order to preserve ethical and moral code tradition is important
To maintain the culture
As a nation we are defined by our diverse traditions and without it we are lost.
We need to preserve  and pass on  our  norms to  the  next generation  
Keep our culture intact
there are a lot of traditional practices , but the norm like traditional food, clothing, and traditional festival practices should always be practiced in any day of age.
We need to remember where we come from. 
culture is always changing naturally
Lots of positives from our traditions that we must maintain
i want to remember where i am from, teach my children their mother tongue and show tgem where their ansestors are from
There's a lot I dont know about my culture mostly because we were raised in a very liberal and neutral environment. We all taught ourselves how to speak ou vernacular. So I go with what works in my culture.
Yes so we remember our history
A nation build on good foundation of traditional and cultural values will know where they are coming form and where they are going, and people will have a sense of belonging and responsibility.
Cause some of the cultural norms don't go along anymore with things we find in today's technological world
Our culture as make us unique and give us a sense of belonging
It's necessary 
Traditional practice guide our ways of living, we cannot live without them irrespective of were we are in the world there are just things we can and cannot do
is necessary to preserve culture as give a sense of bilonging
Traditional norms need not contradict modern society. Traditions are dynamic and must adapt to new age times
Keep your traditions 
Children should know their culture
One should never forget their roots so the young ones should always be educated about our ancestral histories at all times.
All cultures are dynamic. We must take the helpful elements 
Need to understand our ancestral roots
To keep the culture going on for the up coming generation
preservation of culture gives a sense of  belonging and unity and identity
I view culture as an identity. Thus i don't believe in changing it. 
Yes. For our future generation. 
It still maintains the cultural awareness of one culture and it brings about integrity in the same vein at work and home.
For the generations to know their culture 
preserving allows the knowledge and practices to be passed on.
to avoid lossing the tradition completely 
For cultural preservation 
Tradition has some values and practices that are not write and in some shape or form undermine other races, genders and traditions, something I don't want to continue to practice or teach. 
inorder for a specific tradition not to extinct we need to practice it
Culture and tradition  are what makes us and if we lose  our tradition we lose our sense of self
Yes I feel so because traditional ways have guided us to become better people
We need continuity  to transfer skills to our children 
This is needed in order to make sure that culture is being transferred to the current and upcoming generations.
It carries sentiment value and most importantly is that it keeps the culture heritage towards our kids.
If us as the youth do not preserve cultural practices, as our elders pass on the culture will die out.
Everything is a culture evolution. Innovation arises through culture. 
for them to know their cultures
The future generation must know their roots so they can never be lost.
